Epic/examples purpose (#656)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: src/content/docs/components/ns-password.mdx

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Standard">

>   This is for validating an existing password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use `standard` type to input existing password.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Use the `standard` type to enter an existing password.
```

    <ExampleViewer type="standard" />
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="Confirm">

>   The `confirm` type can be used to verify that the password input matches the user’s intention when initially setting up or choosing a new password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use `confirm` type to create new password that matches the password criterias.
```
